hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about an action fantasy film called
attack on titan part 2. be ready for
some spoilers ahead
previously on attack on titan humanity
is put into danger when a colossal titan
breaks the wall
that separates human society from the
giant monsters that appeared 100 years
ago
many people died as the creatures devour
everyone they come close to
and humans are forced to hide behind the
inner walls abandoning their homes
the government tried to fix the wall by
using explosions but their plan was
sabotaged
in the last moment the main character
aaron was able to transform into a titan
and save everyone from danger it turns
out that when aaron was a little boy
his father experimented with genetic
engineering and injected him with a
serum that's capable of turning a person
into a titan
captain zelda was also present and
helped to hide aaron when the government
came to purge the father's experiments
the soldiers led by commander kubo took
away aaron's parents and killed them
while the boy hides from within the
walls
the commander burns the lavatory as the
captain takes the boy away from danger
aaron wakes up from shock only to find
himself tied up by the soldiers with
guns pointing at him
the commander walks into the building
and begins lecturing about his
philosophy of communism
he explains how humanity united after
discovering a common enemy
the titans although resources became
scarce
everyone is now happier because they're
equal but aaron's ability to transform
into a titan threatens this peaceful
existence
the main character tries desperately to
express that he's human
but the commander refuses to allow him
to live just when aaron is about to be
shot
armin rushes out and defends his friend
claiming that it was aaron who saved
everyone from the titans
he assures the commander that his friend
will be a valuable asset to humanity
as he can defend the city against the
titans captain hong also disagrees to
killing aaron
but only because she desires to
experiment on the boy instead
armin continues to try and convince kubo
by telling him that there is a disabled
missile near the outer city
and with aaron's help they can surely
fix the wall successfully
the boy's attempt to persuade the
commander only makes the situation worse
as kubo accuses armin for being
responsible for sabotaging the previous
mission
and destroying the explosives the
commander orders the soldiers to shoot
while aaron continues to beg everyone to
give him a chance in realizing his
purpose
and helping the people inside the city
seeing her friends about to get killed
mikasa finally decides to fight for
their lives but the commander questions
why she's defending a monster
with no other choice sauda yells to stop
everyone and proceeds to explain aaron's
powers
apparently he's able to control himself
while being a titan
but his consciousness fades as time goes
on before the man can explain further
a shot fires and knocks him to the
ground zalda tries to speak with his
dying breath
but fails and passes away suddenly a
giant titan falls from the ceiling
crushing commander kubo and the soldiers
nearby the people shoots at the monster
but their attacks bounce off the skin
which seems to be made out of armor
the giant kills the soldiers easily with
a single sweep and takes aaron into his
hands
they try to attack the neck of the titan
but he blocks it with his hand
showing signs of consciousness the titan
turns towards the scouts and mikasa
prepares to defend her comrades
strangely the creature looks at her and
stops attacking
sparing their lives the giant then
begins climbing out of the building
taking aaron with him as well after
armin buries the dead
captain honch takes command and decides
to continue with the plan of restoring
the wall
they must first retrieve the bomb that
armin talked about then head towards the
outer walls
mikasa hesitates about going back to her
home but decides that she must protect
her comrades
at the same time aaron wakes up in a
white room hearing music that's from
over a hundred years ago
he turns around only to see a jukebox
playing a disc record and examines it
with curiosity
the music stops and he hears a man's
voice who turns out to be captain
shikishima the man explains that he
saved aaron from the titan but failed to
kill the monster as he managed to escape
the captain proceeds to show aaron
footages from a century ago
which explains the origins of the titans
apparently
humans wanted to make super soldier
weapons by genetic engineering
and created the giants that are now
known as titans
however they lost control of the virus
and it started spreading inside the
population
where people are randomly turning into
titans and destroying human society
not knowing who's going to turn next
humans fought against each other in
mistrust
which ultimately led to self-destruction
somehow a group of people never turned
into titans
and they hid themselves inside these
walls eventually a governing
system was formed which slowly turned
into the society of today
the white rooms they're in right now are
built by the government in order to
monitor the people
making sure they forget about humanity's
past so that they're easier to control
the captain claims that the attack on
the walls were planned by the government
to instill
fear onto the people as they're
beginning to question what lies beyond
nonetheless the captain sees hope in
aaron as he's able to retain
consciousness after transforming into a
titan he believes that together they can
stop the government from subjugating the
people into slavery
the two goes outside and the captain
shows aaron his followers
and a large portion of the explosives
that he stole from the commander
he also demonstrates the weapons from
before the titan wars which are
ineffective against the giants but used
to kill people
instead shikishima gives aaron the
grapplers and tells the boy that he's in
control of his own destiny from now on
meanwhile the scouts managed to extract
the missile from the ground
and plans their course towards the hole
on the wall before any titan can notice
them
mikasa stares in the distance
reminiscing about the happier times when
she was still with aaron
the group drives towards the city but
armin stops quickly when he sees an
armored vehicle in front of their truck
a bunch of soldiers come out and point
their guns at the group while aaron gets
out of the car and reunites with his
friends
he apologizes to mikasa for making her
worry while the girl is clearly happy to
see her friend alive
shikishima jumps out of the vehicle and
proceeds to examine the bomb that the
group retrieved
captain hunj is exhilarated to see the
soldier's weapons
and jumps into the tank to examine the
machineries from before the titan wars
shikishima claims ownership of the
missile at gunpoint and explains his
plan to overthrow the government by
destroying the inner walls
the titans will rush into the city and
kill the government officials
crumbling the current rulership
permanently aaron is stunned by the
captain's plan
as he thought they were going to use the
explosives to fix the wall
he questions about the lives of the
citizens living inside the city
but shikishima thinks that their demise
is deserving as they're guilty of
allowing such tyranny to exist in the
first place
the captain tells aaron to abandon his
past and join the cause
but the boy begins remembering all the
death and suffering that occurred
because of the titans he screams in
agony and tells the captain that he
refuses to forget his past
the main character charges ashikushima
but gets thrown to the floor immediately
aaron gets up and tries attacking the
captain again but the man dodges all his
attacks
and quickly counters by striking him to
the floor he dares the boy to transform
into a titan while
aaron continues to charge at the captain
furiously the boy's attacks are useless
as he fails to land a single punch
and proceeds to get knocked onto the
ground mikasa wants the captain to stop
hitting her friend
but shikushima laughs and takes this
opportunity to demoralize aaron by
forcing a kiss upon the girl
she slaps the man on the face but only
gets kicked to the floor
this infuriates aaron as he charges
blindly at the captain and proceeds to
become the world's most durable punching
bag
armin tries to devise a plan to help his
friend as he looks towards the shaky
building with his teammate sanagi
before shikishima can finish aaron by
his own sword
armin yells at the man to stop and
threatens to blow up everyone by
triggering the bomb
he tells his teammate to retrieve aaron
and bring him to the truck
but the captain doesn't believe armin's
threat and caused the bluff by telling
his man to fire
suddenly a grappling hook shoots past
the man's face and hits the shaky
building
while tsunagi jumps forward and begins
pulling the structure down
he yells for armin to leave and
continues to pull with all his might
the captain's man shoots at tsunagi but
he keeps on pulling and manages to
topple the building right on top of the
bomb
as armand takes this opportunity to
escape a huge explosion results that
nearly consumes their vehicle
but the group manages to get away just
in time they look at the explosion
and mourns their friend's death but
shikishima suddenly appears as he
somehow survived as well
he proceeds to climb onto the vehicle
and declares that he'll be taking the
missile
the captain takes out his sword and to
everyone's shock
stabs himself right through the heart
bones begin appearing behind his back
and a transformation occurs while the
group drives away quickly
shikishima begins transforming into a
titan as body parts begin forming onto
the monster
armon looks at the giant in shock and
realizes that the captain was the
monster responsible for taking away his
friend
and killing the commander aaron plans to
stab himself and transform into a titan
as well
but gene stops him as they don't know if
this will work for the main character
he tells aaron that unlike shikishima
he's not alone and by working together
they will defeat the monster the armored
titan walks towards the group and
proceeds to demonstrate his power by
easily destroying two other giants at
the same time
the team charges towards the titan as
they try to distract him
sasha takes this opportunity and shoots
an explosive arrow into the giant's eye
blinding him temporarily gene flies
around the monster and attacks his weak
spot between the armors
while mikasa manages to cut off the
titan's fingers
aaron flies around the monster's blind
spot and cuts the hamstring
causing the titan to fall onto the
ground jane sees this and flies towards
the giant
trying to deal the last blow behind the
neck the titan turns around and proceeds
to punch him as he flies closer
but aaron manages to kick his teammate
out of the way and gets himself
knocked into the buildings the giant
turns around and proceeds to head
towards the missile
but before he can grab the explosive he
notices aaron transforming into the
berserker titan
after almost dying the titans scream
furiously
and charges at each other the two begins
exchanging punches
but aaron soon becomes disadvantaged as
every strike only damages himself due to
his opponent's armor
the armored titan proceeds to dominate
the fight and knocks aaron to the ground
with a devastating kick to the head
shikishima walks towards aaron planning
to finish the fight
but the berserker titan grabs the
helicopter blade beside him
and strikes down onto his enemy the
attack nearly cuts the armored titan in
half
and aaron gathers all his might towards
a finishing blow that sends the titan
flying backwards into the buildings
shikishima begins transforming back as
aaron screams in victory
he walks towards his friends and begins
to lift the bomb out of the truck
the berserker titan carries the bomb on
his back and begins climbing the wall
while his teammates follow closely with
their grappling hooks
they arrive at the junction and aaron
tries putting the bomb into the building
but quickly falls down as he exhausted
all his energy
and the transformation is beginning to
render him unconscious
mikasa sees this and rushes towards her
friend she cuts into the titan's back
and tries to awaken aaron by reminding
him his promise to bring her to see the
oceans
the main character regains consciousness
after recalling his memories
and proceeds to jam the missile into the
structure of the wall
at the same time captain hunt manages to
survive the explosion from earlier by
being inside the armored vehicle
she surprised herself by her own luck
and begins salvaging the rocket
launchers beside her
while another mysterious man follows her
from behind
mikasa manages to get aaron out of the
titan as
armin installs the timer on the
explosive setting it to blow up in 5
minutes
just when the team is about to leave
they see commander kubo behind them on
top of the wall as well
the men somehow survived the titans
attack and offers them money and royalty
if they leave the wall as it is and hand
over aaron to the government
the team refuses with anger which
prompts the commander to fire at them
wounding armin in the process the
commander shouts that there is nothing
outside by chaos
and that the people needs the wall in
order to be happy before the man can
finish
he's shot with numerous arrows by sasha
and falls backwards off the wall
to everyone's surprise the commander
also begins transforming and turns into
the colossal titan that destroyed the
wall two years ago
the team charges towards the giant in
order to avenge everyone that he killed
but finds it difficult to approach as
the titan extrudes high temperatures
the giant monster tries to grab the
missile and prevent the explosion while
the timer continues to count down
jing attacks the titan trying to prevent
it from destroying the bomb
but gets killed by a single strike from
the monster the giant turns towards
aaron and tries to grab him
but gets hit by a large explosion that
captain hunch fired from below
the colossal titan continues to reach
for the bomb despite his injuries
which gives aaron the opportunity to
land behind his back
he climbs closer to the commander as the
timer takes down to the last second but
surprisingly
it did not explode the titan was able to
damage the detonator
and mikasa rushes towards the bomb to
try and fix it but is clueless about
what to do
surprisingly shikishima survived the
fight with aaron and appears behind the
girl
he mocks their effort to repair the
walls and throws mikasa onto the ground
he's disappointed at humanity for
choosing safety over freedom
as he realizes that they'll always try
to fix the walls
mikasa tries to convince the captain
that he can still set humanity free
if he destroys the tyrant that is
oppressing the people
at the same time aaron manages to
approach the commander and cuts open the
back of the titan's neck
however the main character gets pulled
away by the giant's massive hand before
he can make the finishing blow
just when the titan is about to kill
aaron the captain rushes onto the wall
while holding the missile which prompts
the giant to drop the boy from his hand
shikishima grabs the missile and shoves
it right into the colossal titan's mouth
causing a huge explosion that destroys
both of them
a chain reaction leads to a second
explosion that breaks open the top of
the wall
and sends the concrete tumbling down as
aaron tries desperately to escape the
collapse
the boy falls downwards from the
shockwave but gets saved by mikasa who
refuses to let him go
the massive rocks lands in front of the
entrance and blocks off the hole
entirely
aaron and mikasa escapes the fall and
climbs onto the top of the wall
they're overjoyed when they're finally
able to see the ocean in the far
distance
and they're astonished by its beauty
however they're unaware of the cameras
that are secretly watching them from the
back
and the robotic voice reveals that there
are plans for the two of them in the
future
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you